# CI/CD
Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Continuous deployment. </br>

- With continuous integration, developers work on their code in a local environment and commit their changes to a shared repository on a regular basis. Their code can then be combined, or in other words, integrated with code from other members of the team or any existing code. During the integration step, new code is tested and checked for any errors or any other requirements. This can include linting the code for syntax errors, and running unit tests on specific features. The goal of CI is to allow teams to identify, and resolve problems quickly, and early in the development process.
- Continuous Delivery, follows the integration step. After code has been integrated, the continuous delivery step automates the build process. This step can also include additional testing at a higher level. These tests might be more rigorous than unit tests and exercise multiple features at the same time. By the end of this step, the software will be packaged, and ready for release.  The goal of continuous delivery is to always have a version of the software that can be deployed into production as needed.
- Continuous deployment places software in a production environment without human interaction. In this case, the pipeline is fully automated with workflows using tests and validations to determine if the software is ready to be run in production. Using a well-defined continuous deployment pipeline, development teams can release software quickly and reliably.

- Keywords:
  -   Workflows define how all of the automation in a process is tied together including how the process gets started. Workflows are also coded using YAML syntax. 
  -   Events are the triggers that start a workflow. Triggers can be just about anything that happens while you're using GitHub, pushes to a repo, new pull requests, new issues, and so on.
  -   Runners define the compute layer where jobs are executed. GitHub Actions provides runners with popular operating systems like Ubuntu, Windows and Mac OS.
  -   Jobs are high level tasks that define one or more steps that are needed to be run for the job to complete. The actual work done by a job takes place in steps. Each workflow contains one or more jobs.
  -   Steps are simple commands, shell scripts, or they can be actions. Actions help speed up your workflow development by bundling programs, runtimes and all of their dependencies into docker containers or JavaScript modules. The actual work done by a job takes place in steps.
  -   Actions help speed up your workflow development by bundling programs, runtimes and all of their dependencies into docker containers or JavaScript modules. Actions are useful for running common tasks in a repeatable fashion without having to write the same code over and over again. 
